hi guys in this recipe video you will
learn how to make delicious and
flavorful table salad also known as the
bully or table' for this recipe we are
going to use 1 cup of boiled chickpeas
you can also use them out of a can 1
large tomato chopped up in bite-sized
pieces
fresh green onions 3/4 of a cup and 3/4
of a cup cucumber 1/4 cup red pepper for
that extra bite 3/4 cup parsley fresh
and salt and black pepper for some
seasoning and 2 cloves of garlic mince
for dressing we are going to use two
very simple ingredients lemon juice and
olive oil and of course for tabbouleh
salad you will also need 1 cup bulgur
wheat which we are going to wash and
drain and then cook it in 2 cups of
boiled water so in a pot boil 2 cups of
water and then add your bulgur wheat let
it cook until the water evaporates and
while it's cooking let's prepare our
dressing so in a bowl take 3 tablespoons
of lemon juice and add in the garlic and
olive oil stir these ingredients
together mix them well and then add your
salt and pepper
another quick mix and your dressing will
be ready in the meantime your bulgur
wheat will have cooked as well just
fluff it up with a fork and it's ready
to be used in this salad so transfer it
in a bowl and one by one add all your
ingredients so chickpeas cucumber
tomatoes red pepper green onions and
fresh chopped parsley you can also use
some mint so mix these ingredients well
together once they are thoroughly mixed
go ahead and add your dressing another
quick mix to our salad ingredients and
let it chill for 15-20 minutes and then
you our salad would be ready to be
soaked hope you enjoyed this recipe
video and we'll give this salad a try
let us know how it turns out for you and
if you like the recipe please share it
with others and don't forget to
subscribe to ET student channel for more
exciting recipe videos thank you for
watching have a very good day